Hear what is up guys and welcome back.
So now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you basically work for the menus.
OK.
And then how can you make your home page actually the home page so you can see that this is if I just
visit my home page in a new job that you can see it say's Aitan Ziel dot com slash home which I want
to make my actual home page so that it should be my home page.
If I just visit this.
It should be the homepage.
OK.
I want it to be the home page Despain should not be coming.
So for that what I have to do I have to just go to the settings.
OK.
And then I have to go to Reading.
Just don't mess with anything.
They will be working up for the settings and everything.
Later on we will discuss it.
OK.
But first do as I'm saying.
And it says your home page displays a static page or your latest post.
So you have to select this.
OK you have to select this option and here it says Select your home page.
OK.
I want to select it.
And here are all the list of pages that we have in the list of pages.
OK.
So if you just go to all pages it is grabbing the list of all the pages in this here and it has to select
that which page you want your homepage to be.
So let's suppose that I want to select my homepage because I want my home page to be my actual home
page.
OK.
That's all you have to do.
You have to just come here.
And then you have to hate save and change save changes.
OK.
And now what you have to do when we go visit our home page.
Now let's see our Web site.
OK you can see this is how it's looking.
And now here it is showing the home page instead of the post that it was coming.
And now here you can see everything is coming and this is our actual home page and it is not showing
slash home.
So if you just go to the list of all pages right now then you will see it say's front page that we have
assigned or this home to be the front page.
And now we are totally done with the pages.
We now know everything about the pages we know how to create a page it page and assign that page as
the home page.
So congratulations guys.
Now we have to work on the menu side as well.
OK.
Like how to create a menu and how to add that menu because menu is important.
So let's just go ahead and here in the appearance you can see we have teams we have customized we have
widgets and then we have the menus right here.
So you have to select here and here you will see a new window that will say like edit your menu below
or create a new menu.
So we basically want to create our menu.
And let's just name it as the menu one.
So I'm going to name it as the menu one.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I am going to just create menu so I can see that this menu will be
created.
And here you can see everything is totally right.
So I'm just going to add the list of pages so that I want to add in my bed so I want to add this home
page.
I want to add this about page.
I don't want to add this conduct does it.
And I'm going to hit our two menu and you can see there right here.
So what I can do I can just bring this to top add to make it like the first page and then I can bring
this about to talk to make it like the second one and let's just go ahead and let's save the manual.
Let's see if this manual appears we have to do another thing as well so I'm just going to come here
and I'm going to refresh this.
OK.
You can see that menu is not appearing.
The reason and the reason is that we haven't assigned the location that we want the menu to be displayed.
So we have the options display location to be like top menu or these so Schillings many.
So I want to select the top menu because we are creating a main menu and I'm going to hit save menu.
Let's just go ahead and let's save it.
Let's rephrase this.
And now you can see how the menu is looking so here you can see we have this home about us and they
contact us and the menu is coming exactly so you can see how crazy it is looking if I just click here
about us you can see it takes us to the About Us page.
We have the title here and we have the whole whole content right here.
And we have also the Contact Us page.
So if you just select Contact us again see Tay's contact us.
We have the phone number and we have the address and we have the domain address as well.
So let's just go ahead and let's copy our this page and let's open this in our private window so that
we can have a look at this.
OK let's just press control shift and and again see it opens up the private window.
And here we have to paste the link.
And let's open this up.
OK.
So now you can see how it is looking at the title.
There is no Tabar and that is just another WordPress website.
We have three main pages.
If you just click here it takes us down and we have the title here that is the home.
And we have the whole concentrate here.
So you can see how great it is looking.
OK.
It is not looking much great I know but we will just customize later on.
I just wanted to show you how to create betas and how to set up your basic website with the dummy content
right here.
OK.
So let's just open up the About page about pages like this.
And the contact page and the contact pages like this so you can see that our Web site is kind of like
looking like a web site.
OK.
It is looking like a professional web site.
But it is just a basic web site.
OK we haven't done anything we just created two pages and then we assigned our home page to be the home
page and then Mafi did we just created a new menu and then we just use that as this.
And that's all we have done.
And you can see that web site creation is very easy.
OK.
If I show you the actual code behind this then you will see how hard it is to create a website.
But thanks to this WordPress that it has given us everything.
OK so I want to open up the inspect.
On just prickling.
And you can see that this is the code behind this page.
You can see how everything is we have this scored for everything everything is right here.
You can see so this is what we call.
As you can and.
So you can see that we are totally done with this creation of pages in the next video I'll show you
how can you work with the images how can you add images to your website and then we're going to learn
about the blog and about how people can comment on your blog and what is a blog basically.
So we all understand this and then when we learn everything about WordPress that I'm going to show you
how can you build professional web sites with wordpress so Stadion guys and by.